[Music] let's
see what happened between these two This
is what happened I don't know why they don't
say my name But well there is a
channel of a person who is a friend who is not
with me constantly allows it and
constantly with me and people I share
with her
the you are const [ __ ] the one who has donated you
allow it and nothing happens and you do not stop
constantly with me m pity the
people also in my life I would never never
never allow them to piss on my
friends in the chat and we always hurt it and
less a person to whom I have literally
given everything okay Let's see let's go by points you
know that when I returned from Japan
Well in fact until now I have been
bad I do not go out of my way for discord
I have not made the discord the people in the
chat have said let's have a discord and they
made the discord my life does not depend
on what is said in discord I have always
said that there should be no insults and that's it
memes memes can be made but no
insults In fact I have deleted a
few comments insults towards celin
okay What happens is that at the moment that
I am  bad Because I've been sick for like I don't
know how long okay with a fever the
last thing I feel like doing is getting on
discord to see what the [ __ ] they're saying about I don't know
who to see who said what To see
who said how many my life When I
finish Stream it's not the discord you
understand I don't live off what
people say I've always said not to
insult if you insult I'm not on the
[ __ ] discord I don't live off discord what I
don't understand and what pisses me off is
that someone who considers a friend the
first thing they do is block my
brother on WhatsApp saying because
someone in the chat made a meme video of
I missed my car because she
said so and it became a meme I control that no
my brother saw it on his Stream and said
Okay don't watch this the video is not
public my brother said don't watch it on
Stream I haven't seen it on Stream I haven't
made jokes I haven't followed jokes eh I haven't
tried to defend you as much as possible
damn if it is like that it tells it She in
Japan because there have been many
people who have come to throw you away and I have
said Okay people That's it, that's it, that's it, I would
say that Selin instead of talking about it, I
blocked him on social media including
WhatsApp. What I'm not going to allow
is that when you have a real problem
with me instead of coming to talk about it It's
okay that you're pissed off but instead
of coming to talk about it You block me on
WhatsApp you kick me out of your discord which
honestly I don't know what you do on other
discords but I'm just there to be on your discord, I mean
I don't read anything or search or mess
with secondary accounts or anything I mean I don't give a
damn and you're like dropping the
subject Yeah eh No, you don't want to talk to me again
in your life and that's it, I mean I don't know, it
seems a little sad to me that you don't want to
talk things over even though
you are so mad but the thing is, I don't know what I don't
like is that man, I mean I already learned in
the double chin House those types of people and
honestly if it's going to be like that, then that's it, then
each one goes their own way if you
are happier on your side, then that's it, let it be
understood that I have no
problem with it, I mean if you come  and you
tell me it bothers me x it bothers me and I'm not
going to tell you well what a dude I don't know what if it
bothers you It bothers you and I try to
fix it and that's it but the thing is that I would
do that for anyone but if
you're going to
sulk talk about
other people's lives well girl Okay I would comment
that Celin forced her to delete a
photograph Oh about forcing her to delete a
photo together because according to her those on
discord mess with her Well yes
when she left Japan I uploaded a
photo like miss you with her and me and she
told me to delete that photo that I don't want
anyone to find out and I deleted those things
if they bother you I do them Although to
me they seem like an arill poyet well I
do them But this thing of blocking me on WhatsApp
and not wanting to talk to me again in life
and I am a bad person I already lived through the
pap House and honestly I have been three
bad weeks I have no energy for this
and I hope it is understood Mara says that
she G [ __ ] but what the [ __ ] No I mean But there must
be more things from before there must be
more things from  before or rather
because of these things there can be discussions
no and annoyances no I mean imagine I
see myself in the chat of uncle shur or
someone No yeah dude [ __ ] Look at all the
things your chat puts dude put some
bills there no no here I can say that
man that if I K camo well the
moderators don't allow insults here
but not friends and not friends even
many times of the people we are
talking to are not allowed there insults
no but of course if you miss something I mean
if you are not paying attention to the
insults I mean it's not like you and
on top of that there is a video your brother tells you
that no such thing if it is like that Mara says it has
something else going on has something else going on
previously like the bf but
what is really happening seems
more like the attitude of a little kid I have
energy for these things because they are
things that it seems to me that if they happen in a
schoolyard at 15 years old I could
understand But I don't like the bif I mean I like I
like the bf and you know
between streamers and Haha and pullita And such
But someone that I really care about
Because Alicia  I care that she does these
little girl things, well, that's it, I'm
not going to educate you, you know, like, if
you think that's a way to do it, well,
perfect. I mean, it's okay
and that's it, but I don't have the energy, I don't have the
energy for these things and I've
told her a thousand times if you have a problem
with me please come and talk about it yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
boom I just don't
understand She tapped you several times
when she told me that I didn't like a comment, I
asked her for forgiveness, she didn't
tap me you know what tap she gave me
the last message I have from Alicia is
bores
history with me that's the last message she gave me she tapped me like what in her Stream Do you think I watch her Stream 24 hours a day in the char Amara would complain that Celin would have already tapped her enough this would be her response in Japan I saw another one
in Japan I said a comment my
chat comment there are many Sims in
the cpe Channel I said it out loud she got
upset and then I said sorry It's always the
same thing she gets upset and I say Sorry It's
always the same thing but if this  maybe she's
going to get pissed off because of this group. That's it,
people. My friends, my real friends, don't get
pissed off every three times the things I say
might bother you, things that don't
matter to me, I apologize and I change it, I wo
n't say it again, but it's something
constant and it's something tiring and I do
n't like this attitude of a 13 year old girl and that's it
Mara, would you be honest if you don't
want to be my friend anymore, Celin, up to here
that I haven't, I haven't opened my mouth and I've
tried to defend her. When someone
says something bad on my discord that's not
my discord, bad, it's her fault on top of that.
I don't feel like it, people, I've had a
bad three weeks. It's that I don't have the
energy for this, do you understand, no, I've
told her any attitude that you don't
like, tell me and that's it, but like
normal adult people, but if she's
going to get pissed off because of something she said on a
discord, look, okay, I'm honestly not
here to piss her off, I'm not here
to pull her strings or to
uh test her limit, I'm not here
for that, that's it, if you don't want to be more
My friend, well, that's it, this has already happened to me
with other female streamers and that's it,
and it's over. Let's go now with IV, who would
give details about his retirement. Is there anything else?
Only only. No, Selin hasn't said
anything yet, I mean, he only
talks. Mara, he's not going to put up with
this chick. Well, I don't know, let's see if she's
a person who gets upset like that
suddenly, out of nowhere, with a friend, with a
friend, she doesn't take something like that to the limit
with a friend. Man, she will be
a very special person, but of course there's
more. Jai, what, where, where, where, where, I mean, it comes
out to me, it tastes more like there are
things missing, I'm not going to watch the rum thing. I'm
lazy, okay. No, it's not that I'm lazy, it's just that it
's already very late and I
want to sleep, I'm really tired, man. But I'm
going to see what else there is from Selin. No.
[Music] It
's the same thing we've seen, right, it's the same thing we've
seen, it's cut, but there's
something more important that
Uncle Ch has already summarized. There was no more. Well, that's it,
guys, let's sleep, okay, let's
sleep. Tomorrow we'll see each other, surely
tomorrow we'll see each other, okay. Okay.  I don't know if we'll
really see each other tomorrow I don't know if we'll
really see each other
[Music]